img/100px-Ant_(Jacob_Eckert).svg.png
img/100px-Ant_(Jacob_Eckert).svg.png.txt
img/ANT-GUI.xcf
img/FRAME.png
img/icons/closeX.png
img/icons/closeXActive.png
img/splash/100px-Ant_(Jacob_Eckert).svg.png
img/splash/A.N.T..png
img/splash/ANT comes with ABSOLUTELY NO W....png
img/splash/Copyright (C) 2020 Alexandru ....png
img/splash-old.png
img/SPLASH.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/connect/ConActive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/connect/ConInactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/ConOpTitle.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/ConOpPrefTitle.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/newNotifications/NNactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/newNotifications/NNinactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/notificationsList/NLactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/notificationsList/NLinactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/readTexts/RTactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/readTexts/RTinactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/sendTexts/STactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/prefs/sendTexts/STinactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/remove/RemActive.png
img/UIexport/connection/options/remove/RemInactive.png
img/UIexport/connection/scan/QRCODE.png
img/UIexport/connection/scan/ScanTitle.png
img/UIexport/frame/closeXButton/closeXActive.png
img/UIexport/frame/closeXButton/closeXInactive.png
img/UIexport/frame/edge.png
img/UIexport/frame/logo.png
img/UIexport/frame/title.png
img/UIexport/frame/view.png
img/UIexport/misc/backArrow #1.png
img/UIexport/misc/BackText.png
img/UIexport/misc/checkBox/CBactive.png
img/UIexport/misc/checkBox/CBinactive.png
img/UIexport/misc/ConOpPrefTexts/New Notifications.png
img/UIexport/misc/ConOpPrefTexts/Notifications List.png
img/UIexport/misc/ConOpPrefTexts/Read Texts.png
img/UIexport/misc/ConOpPrefTexts/Send Texts.png
img/UIexport/misc/Gear5px.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/backArrow/BAactive.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/backArrow/BAicon.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/gear/GearActive.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/gear/GearHover.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/gear/GearIcon.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/info/InfoActive.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/info/InfoHover.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/info/InfoIcon.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/notifs/NotifsActive.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/notifs/NotifsHover.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/notifs/NotifsIcon.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/texts/TextsActive.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/texts/TextsHover.png
img/UIexport/nav bar/texts/TextsIcon.png
img/UIexport/notif/clearAll/CAactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/clearAll/CAinactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/nothingToShow.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/BigActive.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/BigInactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/NCcloseX/NCXactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/NCcloseX/NCXinactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/SmallActive.png
img/UIexport/notif/notifCard/SmallInactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/scrollbar/SBactive.png
img/UIexport/notif/scrollbar/SBinactive.png
img/UIexport/splash/A.N.T..png
img/UIexport/splash/antPic.png
img/UIexport/splash/Copyright.png
img/UIexport/splash/Disclaimer.png
